# toreyj-web-project
This is my first project for Introduction to Web Development at NMSU. It includes the initial setup for my web project, organized into HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and final folders. I used Git, GitHub, and Visual Studio Code to practice version control and project management. 
## project2 update
Hopefully I didn’t make a mistake, but I redid my entire HTML code for both project2.html and index.html because I wanted to submit something I was actually proud of. Throughout the process, I had to redo structures, fix multiple errors, and fight the demon screen of death.. aka the white screen of nothing. I definitely have a much better understanding now of how multi-page navigation works, and I’ve learned that HTML is very picky when it comes to structure. I had to go back to the textbook multiple times to troubleshoot errors and figure out what was going wrong. I named my second page the “Expansion Pack,” and I’m starting to build a Hobbit-inspired theme overall. I dealt with and struggled through multiple broken layouts, but things are finally starting to come together. I’m still not completely done yet.. I need to add color using CSS and finish the table. The table did appear on the website after my last push, which is a good sign, but there are still some formatting issues that I’ll need to fix in the morning. 
## project2 update 2.0 
After my last push, I successfully updated the table. It may still need some adjustments later, but the main structure is now complete. I also applied color styling to both the homepage, and the expansion pack. I plan to revist the project to double check grammar, imporve paragraphs if needed, and defiently check spelling. I suck at spelling lol. I believe at this point I can move on to project3. While continuing to make small edits as I progress through the webiste. One issue, I do still need to fix is there is an exxtra (>). This is one the expansion pack it is under neath the link and above the text. Overall, I am proud of the progress I have made!

